README.md, before:

﻿# Introduction
Welcome to our Warehouse Inventory Management System (WHMS), a cutting-edge solution meticulously designed to revolutionize your inventory operations. Powered by ASP.NET Core 8.0 Razor Pages (C#), WHMS offers a comprehensive suite of features including Sales, Purchase, Delivery, Goods Receive, Transfer, Adjustment, Return, Scrapping, Stock Count, Transaction Report, Movement Report, and Stock Report. Seamlessly manage your warehouse inventory with ease and precision, ensuring optimal stock levels, streamlined workflows, and enhanced productivity. Experience the future of inventory management with WHMS – your ultimate tool for operational excellence.

# Technical Features
- ASP.NET Core 8.0 Razor Pages (C#)
- ASP.NET Identity Users / Roles
- EF Core / LINQ
- OData based API (Server side: paging, filter, search, sort)
- Clean Architecture
- Repository Pattern
- Email
- WkHtmlToPdf
- Upload / Download Images
- AutoMapper
- NumberSequence

# Functional Features
- Customer Group
- Customer Category
- Customer
- Customer Contact
- Sales Order
- Sales Report
- Vendor Group
- Vendor Category
- Vendor
- Vendor Contact
- Purchase Order
- Purchase Report
- Unit Measure
- Product Group
- Product
- Warehouse
- Delivery Order
- Sales Return
- Goods Receive
- Purchase Return
- Transfer
- Adjustment
- Scrapping
- Stock Count
- Transaction Report
- Stock Report
- Movement Report
- Company Settings
- Tax
- User Profile
- User List
- Number Sequence
- Error Log
- Analytic Log
- Authentication / Membership

# Live Demo Link
- Url: [https://whms-lte.csharpasp.net/](https://whms-lte.csharpasp.net/)
- Username: admin@gmail.com
- Password: 123456

![INDOTALENT WHMS](wwwroot/image-vertical.png)

# Starred
Help us grow by give a star.

# Supporter
This project supported by: INDOTALENT [https://store.indotalent.com](https://store.indotalent.com). Feel free to visit their site and use 50% discount using discount code: **GITHUB50**

Commit message:

add Syncfusion and AdminLTE credit link

README.md, after:

﻿# Introduction
Welcome to our Warehouse Inventory Management System (WHMS), a cutting-edge solution meticulously designed to revolutionize your inventory operations. Powered by ASP.NET Core 8.0 Razor Pages (C#), WHMS offers a comprehensive suite of features including Sales, Purchase, Delivery, Goods Receive, Transfer, Adjustment, Return, Scrapping, Stock Count, Transaction Report, Movement Report, and Stock Report. Seamlessly manage your warehouse inventory with ease and precision, ensuring optimal stock levels, streamlined workflows, and enhanced productivity. Experience the future of inventory management with WHMS – your ultimate tool for operational excellence.

# Technical Features
- ASP.NET Core 8.0 Razor Pages (C#)
- ASP.NET Identity Users / Roles
- EF Core / LINQ
- OData based API (Server side: paging, filter, search, sort)
- Clean Architecture
- Repository Pattern
- Email
- WkHtmlToPdf
- Upload / Download Images
- AutoMapper
- NumberSequence

# Functional Features
- Customer Group
- Customer Category
- Customer
- Customer Contact
- Sales Order
- Sales Report
- Vendor Group
- Vendor Category
- Vendor
- Vendor Contact
- Purchase Order
- Purchase Report
- Unit Measure
- Product Group
- Product
- Warehouse
- Delivery Order
- Sales Return
- Goods Receive
- Purchase Return
- Transfer
- Adjustment
- Scrapping
- Stock Count
- Transaction Report
- Stock Report
- Movement Report
- Company Settings
- Tax
- User Profile
- User List
- Number Sequence
- Error Log
- Analytic Log
- Authentication / Membership

# Live Demo Link
- Url: [https://whms-lte.csharpasp.net/](https://whms-lte.csharpasp.net/)
- Username: admin@gmail.com
- Password: 123456

![INDOTALENT WHMS](wwwroot/image-vertical.png)

# Credit
- Syncfusion Community License for UI Control. [https://www.syncfusion.com/products/communitylicense](https://www.syncfusion.com/products/communitylicense) 
- AdminLTE for HTML Admin Template. [https://adminlte.io/](https://adminlte.io/)

# Starred
Help us grow by give a star.

# Supporter
This project supported by: INDOTALENT [https://store.indotalent.com](https://store.indotalent.com). Feel free to visit their site and use 50% discount using discount code: **GITHUB50**
